Update punctuation.md, add the Date format page (#1556)
semrush/intergalactic: website/docs/content/punctuation/punctuation.md

| Symbol       | HTML entity        |
| :----------: | :----------------: |
| &mdash;      | `&mdash;`          |
* Use sparingly in sentences in place of a comma or colon
* Omit the spaces on both sides of the dash

<table class="dosdonts">
    <tr>
        <th>Don’t</th>
        <th>Do</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>

>             It makes us sound like Semrush &mdash; regardless<br />of who the personbehind the communication is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            It makes us sound like Semrush &mdash; regardless<br />of who the person behind the communication is.
```
@ana-sorokina you should see something like "accept suggestion" here, try it

Reviewer: ahh it's marked as outdated. Ok, I'll fix it on our side.

        </td>
        <td>

>             It makes us sound like Semrush&mdash;regardless<br />of who the personbehind the communication is.

Author: I know about the missing space, but I'm not sure I'm able to add a quick fix to the current PR

>             It makes us sound like Semrush&mdash;regardless<br />of who the personbehind the communication is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            It makes us sound like Semrush&mdash;regardless<br />of who the person behind the communication is.
```

Reviewer: same as above

* in tooltips that serve as labels for icons or display the element’s full name
* after URLs

<table class="dosdonts">
    <tr>
        <th>Don’t</th>
        <th>Do</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>
            ☑️ Remind later.
        </td>
        <td>
            ☑️ Remind later
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>

>             ???

Author: I'll need help adding an example in a form of an image. But it's small, you can barely see anything, so maybe you'll have a better idea

Reviewer: I'll look at it in a moment
